# morse-text-converter
# The given project is to take a text file as input and display # its morse code and vice versa.    # SOLUTION METHOD FOLLOWED  # According to our given problem statement we have initialised the morse and character # values of each. Then we are taking a command line input and we are extracting the  # extension of the file. If the extention is .txt then we perform the text to morse  # conversion and if the extension is .morse then morse code to text conversion is done.   # TEXT TO MORSE ALGORITHM  # If the extension of the entered file is .txt then we will get right into conversion  # to the morse code for the same. We will read each character from the file one by one. # If the character read is found to be '\n' or next line operator then we also move to a # new line in the display promt. If the character is a valid character then we print the # respective morse value for it followed by a '/'. If the character is a blankspace ' ' # then we print a '/'. So the output comes is such a way that each letter of a word is  # separated by a '/' and each word is separated by a '//'.   # MORSE TO TEST ALGORITHM  # If the extension of the entered file is .morse then we will get right into conversion  # to the text for the same. We will read each character from the file one by one. # If the character read is found to be '\n' or next line operator then we also move to a # new line in the display promt. We have taken a string variable &lt;word> in which we will  # store the read characters until we find a '/'. When a '/' is found then we will print the # &lt;word> variable and again make it null and &lt;flag> is made to 1. If we again find a '/' and # the &lt;flag> is 1 then we will print a blankspace and make &lt;flag> to 0.    # Here I have predefined the alphabets and certain characters # with their respective morse code values.
